Add OpenHands app support on windows without WSL (#8674)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/modules/usage/windows-without-wsl.md

     ```powershell
     (Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://install.python-poetry.org -UseBasicParsing).Content | python -
     ```
   - Add Poetry to your PATH:
     ```powershell
     $env:Path += ";$env:APPDATA\Python\Scripts"
     ```
   - Verify installation:
     ```powershell
     poetry --version
     ```

## Step 2: Clone and Set Up OpenHands

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```powershell
   git clone https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands.git
   cd OpenHands
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**
   ```powershell
   poetry install
   ```

   This will install all required dependencies, including:
   - pythonnet - Required for Windows PowerShell integration
   - All other OpenHands dependencies

## Step 3: Run OpenHands

1. **Build the Frontend**
   ```powershell
   cd frontend
   npm install
   npm run build
   cd ..
   ```

   This will build the frontend files that the backend will serve.

2. **Start the Backend**
   ```powershell
   # Make sure to use PowerShell 7 (pwsh) instead of Windows PowerShell
   pwsh
   $env:RUNTIME="local"; poetry run uvicorn openhands.server.listen:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000 --reload --reload-exclude "./workspace"
   ```

>    This will start the OpenHands backend using the local runtime with PowerShell integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This will start the OpenHands app using the local runtime with PowerShell integration, available at `localhost:3000`.
```

   > **Note**: If you encounter a `RuntimeError: Directory './frontend/build' does not exist` error, make sure you've built the frontend first using the command above.

   > **Important**: Using PowerShell 7 (pwsh) instead of Windows PowerShell is recommended to avoid "System.Management.Automation" errors. If you encounter this error, see the Troubleshooting section below.

> 3. **Alternatively, Run the Frontend in Development Mode (in a separate PowerShell window)**

Reviewer: @OpenHands I am confused; why is this approach an "alternative"? The previous step only starts the backend.

Reviewer: @OpenHands this works, but is there a better way? Running in dev mode is not suitable for production.

Reviewer: Ah, I was wrong. It's indeed correct to call it an "alternative" way.

   ```powershell
   cd frontend
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Access the OpenHands GUI**

   Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```

>    http://localhost:3001

Reviewer: @OpenHands if one runs the frontend in dev mode, it's 3001. Otherwise, it should be 3000.
